Eleen's Trinkets is a mod that adds new accessories to Terraria. 
	- I've noticed in the comments that some were wondering if Calamity is required. No.
	- It's *compatible*; It's *encouraged*; It's *recommended*; but it's not *required*.

Ever wanted to have a little more fun with accessories that aren't just stat boosts?
Ever wanted to have some risks?
Want to become a hypertank?
Want to become a glass cannon?
Well, Eleen's Trinkets: Tradeoffs and Triumphs is here!


I found that there wasn't very many accessories that have upsides and downsides, so I decided to make some!
These accessories are meant to aid in high-difficulty packs, but also provide a fair and balanced way of getting a little silly with things.

These accessories are also, typically available before hardmode! It's also likely that it won't match Terraria's Art style, as all accessories are made by hand. 

Plus, All accessories are craftable using vanilla materials! 
I noticed there was a lack of accessories with downsides, with good upsides.
These 20 accessories are meant to fill that gap, and provide a little more variety to the game.
Here's some examples of the accessories you can get:
 - Pink Regrow Bloon: Lowers your maximum life by a percentage, but gives immense health regeneration.
 - Aquaveil: Raises your defense, Mana and magical damage! It's not always tradeoffs!
 - Esthrainio Toxin Vial: Lowers your melee damage and Maximum Life, but buffs your mana, ranged damage and crit, and magic damage and crit!
 - Hurion Coil: Gives you a spiffy and fast extra jump; and allows you to swim in water. 
 And many more!

Some accessories are references to other games, while others are more unique. 
For version 1.0, I sprited all the sprites by hand, as well as coded them all by myself.
I suggest you have a recipe browser, as the recipes are kinda important! 


I highly reccomend the three toxin vials! They add benefits for playing multiple classes! 
	- you'll need the capsules; no summoner toxin because i don't know what would be a good tradeoff for it
	- hey; im a plushie. i dont know everything.
	- maybe suggest stats, and maybe you'll see it.
If you have any suggestions, please let me know! I'm always looking for new ideas!
(Suggestions may get added in future updates; strong preferences for options that are references to other games!)

CHALLENGE: First person to Beat Legendary Mode while using the accessories that lower your maximum life, and provide visual proof to get an accessory you have a concept for added into the mod! (I've heard that the minimum life you can have is a whopping 27. Good luck.)


Big thanks to the TML Discord for helpin' me with understanding how to code in feckin' C#!

Future updates may include more accessories. It may lean further into going into hardmode, Or maybe adding compatibility with Calamity. I started work on this mod two days ago. (as of November 2023; it's a long while ago now) I LEARNED C#. TO MAKE. THIS. MOD. 
I encourage you to take this mod's balance as... questionable. It's not meant to be taken terribly seriously, but it's not a joke mod either. It provides a niche that I wanted to press onto. 
Once I get more of a handle on how to make mods, there might be bosses or ores ; but for now, I'm just gonna stick to accessories.


If you wanna help with this mod, lemme know! I'll make it open source. 
I'm the only one working on it, so for now it's closed source. (fully intend on making it O.S so if i got trouble i can have help)


CHANGE LOG:
1.6.2: Livestreamed Repair Update - March 2024 
	 - So, there was some bugs that I fixed live on stream. 
	 - I went to the Bugs and Issues thread; and started a bug murder spree. 
	 - I also, rebalanced the Hurion Coil.
	 - Full Changelog: https://pastebin.com/zhm1Q6j1
CREDITS:
Eleen: Pretty much everything.
Intersloth: Henry Stickmin, Concept for the "nRG" accessory.
TrampolineTales: Luck be a Landlord, Concept for the design of the capsule accessories.
NinjaKiwi: Bloons TD series, Concept for the "Pink Regrow Bloon" accessory.
Re-Logic: Terraria. Did I really need to say this?
	- Eleen add more details
Sonic Team: Puyo Puyo Series, Concept for the "Purple Puyo" accessory.
	- make a remake of dr robotnik's mean bean machine. cowards.
Square Enix: Final Fantasy Series, Concept for two accessories; "Protect Sigil" and "Aquaveil".
TModLoader Team: TModLoader, the modding API that made this possible.
KupoGames: Epic Battle Fantasy Series, Concept for the Nolegs Badge.
Studio Nevermore: Downpurr, Concept for the Stardust Kitty.
Rareware: Banjo Kazooie, Concept for the Bear's Boon and Mini Globo.
Microsoft: Blinx the Time Sweeper, Concept for the FastForward Timegem.

Special thanks to y'all! I hope you enjoy the mod.
 - actual special thanks to those of you who post in the discussions
    - i was made aware of bugs and rebalances that needed to be done
    - i appreciate you guys.

Psst... wanna know a secret?
1. The "Strategy Guide" accessory is a reference to the Terraria Wiki. But you probably already knew that.
2. Expect more references in the future. 
3. This was inspired by Calamity; but also by my own timeline for my characters. Each accessory was canonically made by the character you see in the mod's icon! (Yes, that's me. I'm a plushcat.)
4. Trans rights. <3